MOLTON CHASE is a charming, old-fashioned country house, which has been in the possession of the Clayton family for centuries past; and as Harry Clayton, its present owner, has plenty of money, and (having tasted the pleasures of matrimony for only five years) has no knowledge (as yet) of the delights of college and school bills coming in at Christmas-time, it is his will to fill the Chase at that season with guests, to each of whom he extends a welcome as hearty as it is sincere.

“Bella! are you not going to join the riding-party this afternoon?” he said across the luncheon-table to his wife, one day in a December not long ago.

“Bella” was a dimpled little woman, whose artless expression of countenance would well bear comparison with the honest, genial face opposite to her, and who replied at once—

“No! not this afternoon, Harry, dear. You know the Damers may come at any time between this and seven o’clock, and I should not like to be out when they arrive.”

“And may I ask Mrs. Clayton who are the Damers,” inquired a friend of her husband, who, on account of being handsome, considered himself licensed to be pert, “that their advent should be the cause of our losing the pleasure of your company this afternoon?”
But the last thing Bella Clayton ever did was to take offence.

“The Damers are my cousins, Captain Moss,” she replied; “at least Blanche Damer is.”

At this juncture a dark-eyed man who was sitting at the other end of the table dropped the flirting converse he had been maintaining with a younger sister of Mrs. Clayton’s, and appeared to become interested in what his hostess was saying.

“Colonel Damer,” she continued, “has been in India for the last twelve years, and only returned to England a month ago; therefore it would seem unkind on the first visit he has paid to his relatives that there should be no one at home to welcome him.”

“Has Mrs. Damer been abroad for as long a time?” resumed her questioner, a vision arising on his mental faculties of a lemon-colored woman with shoes down at heel.

“Oh dear no!” replied his hostess. “Blanche came to England about five years ago, but her health has been too delicate to rejoin her husband in India since. Have we all finished, Harry, dear?”—and in another minute the luncheon-table was cleared.

As Mrs. Clayton crossed the hall soon afterwards to visit her nursery, the same dark-eyed man who had regarded her fixedly when she mentioned the name of Blanche Damer followed and accosted her.
“Is it long since you have seen your cousin Mrs. Damer, Mrs. Clayton?”

“I saw her about three years ago, Mr. Laurence; but she had a severe illness soon after that, and has been living on the Continent ever since. Why do you ask?”

“For no especial reason,” he answered smiling. “Perhaps I am a little jealous lest this new-comer to whose arrival you look forward with so much interest should usurp more of your time and attention than we less-favored ones can spare.”
He spoke with a degree of sarcasm, real or feigned, which Mrs. Clayton immediately resented.

“I am not aware that I have been in the habit of neglecting my guests, Mr. Laurence,” she replied; “but my cousin Blanche is more likely to remind me of my duties, than to tempt me to forget them.”

“Forgive me,” he said, earnestly. “You have mistaken my meaning altogether. But are you very intimate with this lady?”

“Very much so,” was the answer. “We were brought up together, and loved each other as sisters until she married and went to India. For some years after her return home our intercourse was renewed, and only broken, on the occasion of her being ill and going abroad, as I have described to you. Her husband, I have, of course, seen less of, but I like what I know of him, and am anxious to show them both all the hospitality in my power. She is a charming creature, and I am sure you will admire her.”

“Doubtless I shall,” he replied; “that is if she does not lay claim to all Mrs. Clayton’s interest in the affairs of Molton Chase.”

“No fear of that,” laughed the cheery little lady as she ascended the stairs, and left Mr. Laurence standing in the hall beneath.